Add Statement to Clarify API Command and Airflow Version Compatibility (#1553)
astronomer/docs: astro/airflow-api.md

To test Airflow API calls in a local Airflow environment running with the Astro CLI, see [Test and Troubleshoot Locally](test-and-troubleshoot-locally.md#make-requests-to-the-airflow-rest-api).

:::info

> Airflow REST API version 1.0 provides the latest functionality and is considered a stable version. Airflow REST API updates are released with Airflow releases and don’t have a separate release cycle. To take advantage of specific Airflow REST API functionality, you might need to upgrade the Airflow version used by your organization. Airflow REST API updates aren't removed from their associated Airflow version after they are released.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updates to the Airflow REST API are released in new Airflow versions and don’t have a separate release cycle. To take advantage of specific Airflow REST API functionality, you might need to Apache Airflow. Airflow REST API updates aren't removed from their associated Airflow version after they are released.
```
Feel free to add back, but I think including the "v1" information is an implementation detail rather than something we should share up front. It confused me to read that immediately followed by "the REST API doesn't have a separate release cycle". 

I also removed "you might need to upgrade the Airflow version used by your organization" because I don't think the version discrepancy is between you <> your organization, rather it's "version without API feature" <> "version with API feature". Whether your team has a different version is a separate issue.

To test Airflow API calls in a local Airflow environment running with the Astro CLI, see [Test and Troubleshoot Locally](test-and-troubleshoot-locally.md#make-requests-to-the-airflow-rest-api).

:::info

> Updates to the Airflow REST API are released in new Airflow versions and don’t have a separate release cycle. To take advantage of specific Airflow REST API functionality, you might need to upgrade Astro Runtime. See [Upgrade Runtime](upgrade-runtime.md). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Updates to the Airflow REST API are released in new Airflow versions and don’t have a separate release cycle or versioning scheme. To take advantage of specific Airflow REST API functionality, you might need to upgrade Astro Runtime. See [Upgrade Runtime](upgrade-runtime.md) and [Airflow release notes](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/release_notes.html).
```

> Airflow REST API updates aren't removed from their associated Airflow version after they are released.

Reviewer 2: In hindsight I think let's just cut this

- Airflow doesn't have a clear deprecation strategy so we can't super speak to it confidently
- It's kind of obvious that once a release is cut, things in that version can't be taken away?
- Don't think this is a big concern overall
